Update compare scenarios (#653)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/tutorials/scenario_management_overview/step_08/index.md

> You can download the code 
<a href="./../src/step_08.py" download>here</a>. 

*Estimated Time for Completion: 15 minutes; Difficulty Level: Advanced*

> ![](config.svg){ width=700 style="margin:auto;display:block;border: 4px solid rgb(210,210,210);border-radius:7px" }

Reviewer: Please provide a picture name between square brackets

Taipy offers a way to compare data nodes across scenarios by including a function directly in the configuration of the scenario.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Comparing scenarios

```

> ## Step 1: The first step consists in declaring on which data nodes to apply the comparison functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **Step 1:** Declare data nodes on which the comparison functions are applied.
```

In this example, we want to apply a comparison to the '_output_' Data Node. It is indicated in the comparators parameter of the `configure_scenario`.

```python
scenario_cfg = Config.configure_scenario(id="multiply_scenario",
                                         name="my_scenario",
                                         tasks_configs=[first_task_cfg,
                                                        second_task_cfg],
                                         comparators={output_data_node_cfg.id: compare_function},)
```

> ## Step 2: Implement the comparison function (`compare_function()`) used above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 2:** Implement the comparison function (`compare_function()`) used above.
```
